chore: update running a node docs for testnet (#280)
FuelLabs/docs-hub: docs/guides/docs/running-a-node/running-a-local-node.mdx

Or to deploy without using a signing key:

```sh

> forc deploy --default-signer --node-url 127.0.0.1:4000/graphql

Reviewer: it seems like this doesn't work ootb anymore, and the wallet has to be funded? probably worth noting here

```

## Chain Configuration

To modify the initial state of the chain, you must configure the `state_config.json` file in your chain configuration folder.
Here is an example of what that looks like using version {props.fuelCoreVersion} of `fuel-core`:

<ConditionalContent versionSet={props.versionSet} showForVersions={["default", "nightly"]}>

>   Here is the [specific configuration](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-core/tree/v0.26.0/bin/fuel-core/chainspec/testnet)

Reviewer: something is happening to this link so it doesn't work in the preview 🤔

> To start the node with a custom configuration, you can use the command below:

Reviewer: this command is deprecated: 

```sh
forc deploy --unsigned --node-url 127.0.0.1:4000/graphql
```

Author: what's the new command,  `forc-deploy`?

> To start the node with a custom configuration, you can use the command below:

Reviewer: This is outdated: "To modify the initial state of the chain, you must configure a `chainConfig.json` file."

```sh
fuel-core run --snapshot ./your/path/to/chain_config_folder --db-type in-memory --debug
```

> To find an example chain configuration file for a specific `fuel-core` version, refer to the [`fuel-core`](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-core/tree/v0.22.0/deployment/scripts/chainspec) repo.

Reviewer: I removed this temporarily, but can you add back the code import [here](https://docs.fuel.network/guides/running-a-node/running-a-local-node/#chain-configuration) to show all of the config files?

> To find an example chain configuration file for a specific `fuel-core` version, refer to the [`fuel-core`](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-core/tree/v0.22.0/deployment/scripts/chainspec) repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find an example chain configuration file for a specific `fuel-core` version, refer to the [`fuel-core`](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-core/tree/v0.26.0/bin/fuel-core/chainspec/testnet) repo.
```

> To start the node, run the following command:

Reviewer: The section above need to be updated since the coins array is now inside the `state_config.json`
